=== Shauna Schramke Bio ===
Shauna Schramke is a visual artist living with her wife and son in Urbana, Ohio. She is an educator, a fair to middling whistler and avid time traveler. She is keen on old, quirky homes and spends her moments painting them into timescapes and portals. Her houses are people – portraits of the introverted, the less popular, the lovely, the slightly off.

=== Shauna Schramke Statement ===
Give me painted wood and out of plumb foundations – a house with strong opinions and a tender heart. A home that refuses to let go – refuses to move on or move out of the way.

=== Emily von Stuckrad-Smolinski Bio ===
Emily von Stuckrad-Smolinski is a life-long Daytonian. Professionally, Emily has spent her career in the theatre downtown. When she is not backstage, she finds art to be her escape.

=== Emily von Stuckrad-Smolinski Statement ===
While there are many forms of creativity that have piqued my interest throughout life, oil painting has always been a returning comfort. There is nothing quite like opening a fresh tube of oil and imagining what it can bring to life on a white tundra.

My works find much of their character by using the material combined with technique to create a depth of texture unlike most. Choosing the touch of a finger, experimenting with a pallette knife or even an air compressor; these tools surpass any brush I have yet to find. Exploring past the expected boundaries, excites me as an artist and breathes energy into my pieces. The works come to life as the materials dictate the path each piece travels.

I often compare creating my paintings to running a long distance race. In the first leg, one must put miles behind them. The second leg brings a feeling of familiarity and comfort, finding my stride and feeling the excitement of the finish yet to come. The final leg is always the best and why I keep coming back. It is equivalent of “the runners high.” The stride has been found, the piece has come alive and with a touch, the race is through.

=== Kurt Smolinski Bio ===
Kurt attends a local middle school. When he is not pouring, you can find him playing tennis or pickleball.

=== Kurt Smolinski Statement ===
Kurt lets the colors guide him. His technique of pouring has come through much trial and error. Only the best sees it through!

=== Linda Hart Bio ===
Grants
2022 Recipient of Culture Works Montgomery County Artist Opportunity Grant 

Solo Exhibitions
Indie West Studios – January- February 2024 
Chasing Urban Shadows- Front Street Experience Gallery – September 2022
Centerville Police Department 2010 
Christ United Methodist Church (Yearly Solo Gallery Exhibit 2005-2010 Month of February)
Kettering Government Center October 2005 
Aullwood Audubon Center October 2003 

Group Shows
Germantown Public Library Juried Arts Exhibition December 2023-January 2024 
2023 Midwest Fall Showcase Women’s Spotlight Hilliard Arts Council - August-September 2023
Art in the City Juried Show 2023 
Life in the City Juried Show – Front Street 2023 
ReMembered 2023 
Annual Members Show Tipp City Arts Council 2023
Fine Art Exhibit Inspire(d) Dayton Society of Artists 2023 Annual Spring Juried Exhibition
Life in the City Juried Show- Front Street – August 2022
Piqua Arts Council 29th Annual Fine Arts Exhibition 09/2021 
DVAC Annual Member’s Show - 2000- 2019

Awards
Tipp City Arts Council 2023 Fine Art Exhibit- Second Place and Honorable Mention- Advanced Watermedia
Dayton Museum of Natural History Naturescape Show 1998 - Honorable Mention
Dayton Society of Painters and Sculptors (Now DSA) – 1992 and 1993 Watercolor Category 2nd and 3rd place Awards 

Artists Organization Memberships
Dayton Society of Artists
The Contemporary- Dayton 
Silent Auction Artist for the past 20 years. 
Live Auction Artist -2019

=== Linda Hart Statement ===
In early 2021, Linda Hart began noticing the beauty in crumbling, decaying industrial warehouses and buildings in the Miami Valley and decided to challenge herself to do a body of work with subject matter she was unfamiliar with, to stretch her creativity and grow as an artist. She set out driving around East and West Dayton to take photos and found numerous industrial vignettes often with nature visibly taking over the structures or changing them in beautiful ways. She realized how perfect watercolor was to capture the beauty of the drips, rust, striations and textures of these decaying buildings. Chasing Urban Shadows was born from that urge to explore another path in her art. Linda saw the beauty in the decaying structures and wanted to bring that beauty to others’ attention with this body of work.
While still painting urban scenes, Linda still paints the natural world and the flowers and plants that inspire her.
About her work:
The more time I spent looking at deteriorating buildings in the backgrounds of our life in the Miami Valley, the more possibilities I saw for interesting and abstract paintings and was inspired to paint these scenes. I liked the way these images were actually some place real but also came across as an abstract image for your own interpretation. I found beauty in the decay, the same way I had previously found beauty in the flowers I have painted and grown for years. There is hidden beauty everywhere, even in industrial warehouses and train bridge overpasses and you must look a little harder to see it.
Will these aging industrial buildings become even more beautiful as they deteriorate more? I hope I inspire others to wonder about the same things while enjoying the images I have painted. I hope I have brought the beauty of what time and nature has done to these buildings to life and others love what they have become as they have evolved in their surroundings."
Linda continues to paint the beauty of industrial Dayton but also has returned to her roots and brings flowers to life on canvas and clayboard in her Floral Auras series. Growing up at a nursery in Southwestern Pennsylvania instilled the beauty of nature and flowers for Linda at an early age. As a lifelong artist and gardener, she grows much of her subject matter. Moonflowers, bright yellow sunflowers and zinnias grown in her own yard are just some of the inspiration for her subject matter. This series embodies her life experiences as a gardener and an artist as she explores the inherent and ethereal beauty nature provides.

=== Ching Chung Bio ===
Ching is a visual digital artist who creates bright, joyful and whimsical art for those seeking colorful sparks of imagination and meaning in their lives.

She has always captured her world via sketches and photography, drawing from curiosity, keep observation, and inspired ideas that demand expression.

As an Asian immigrant from Brunei to Ohio, her mother was a full time seamstress, and sewing was an important part of her culture. It instilled in her a love of fabric, color, design, and tradition, which she expresses through her design and artwork.

With an Industrial Design degree from The Ohio State University, she learned to design through the lens of human factors in all kinds of lived spaces. This was where she also learned to create 3D spaces from 2D sketches.

Communicating ideas via sketches came naturally to her in her work of luxury retail boutique design and then later aviation design. Her love of sketching and drawing continues to this day.

=== Ching Chung Statement ===
Ching creates bright and colorful digital art capturing whimsy and delight to those seeking a joyful colorful pause in their lives.

She processed her world very visually and most of the time that translates to mental notes and messages that comes out later as sketches of special inspired moments in time.

A thought, a dream, a feeling captured in bright and clear colors that bring a moment of whimsy and joy from digital to print.

=== Dave Crowell Bio ===
I have been an artist and designer all of my life and work to realize concepts through whatever materials and means available. I earned an Associate of Arts degree at Sinclair Community College with a focus on painting. Aside from this, I am primarily and continually self educating with an insatiable passion for the expression of observation and the human experience. I founded Custom Frame Services, Inc in 1993 with the concept of helping fellow artists realize their vision.

=== Dave Crowell Statement ===
I work daily towards a higher expression of the creative experience. Applying my talent, skills and understanding to achieve authentic results with my own work and the work entrusted to me. I use my knowledge of history, philosophy and belief structures to qualify my process. I  see art as a social engine and cultural driver.

=== Bonnie Kuntz Bio ===
Over the years she studied different types of art both formally and informally at the Dayton Art Institute and Rosewood Art Center. She has studied with nationally known artists in their workshops. Currently she is teaching watercolor painting at Rosewood and for Sinclair lifelong learning. A Registered Nurse now retired, Bonnie is an active member in all of the local art organizations. Her work can be seen at The Artery at Front St. and currently at the Gem City Catfe, The Springfield Museum of Art, and Springboro Center for the Arts. On-line at Essential Artists and FrontSt. Galleries. She is also certified in several Eastern healing arts. She owned horses for 25 years and loves to paint them as well as other animals, florals and landscapes. Bonnie primarily paints in Watercolors, Acrylics and Mixed Media.

=== Bonnie Kuntz Statement ===
I enjoy trying new mediums and new subjects. My delight in Art is the adventurous uncertainty of it. What’s beyond my control makes an endless variety of techniques interesting, because of the unpredictable results. Much like life itself.

=== Marlene Steele Bio ===
up cycling building salvage into unique art pieces.

=== Marlene Steele Statement ===
I work as a painter, utilizing vibrant and daring colors. I begin without a specific plan, allowing the painting to guide its direction. I've noticed that my present state of mind influences various changes in my artwork. The unpredictability of the process excites me, as each moment is a discovery, a new adventure waiting to unfold. Through my work, I strive to inspire others to embrace the beauty of unpredictability, to find joy in the process of creation, and to celebrate the unique essence that makes each of us a masterpiece in our own right.

=== Jo Anne Vincent Bio ===
Graduate of Marygrove College, Detroit, MI Art Ed, WSU Masters Art Ed, International Children’s Lit, Art & Kindergarten Educator with Dayton Public and Valley View Schools - reside in Germantown, Ohio - retired. Affliated with The Contemporary , The ARTery at Front St. &Middletown Arts Center.

=== Jo Anne Vincent Statement ===
Hello ! My name is Jo Anne Vincent and I have been creating jewelry for 13 years.
I am intrigued by the myriad of possibilities in combining color, pattern & texture.
My sterling silver and copper jewelry begins with selecting the beads... pearl, beaded beads from Bali or hand-blown glass from California, agate, turquoise, opal and lapis to name a few.
I have always had an eye for design and color and the desire to be different and unique - to stand alone. For me, being involved in creating jewelry provides an amazing outlet for the expression of my artistic vision.

=== Alison Bour Bio ===
Alison Bour started the formal study of photography in 2008, and after one Photoshop class, quickly fell in love with digital artistry. She creates by combining a variety of techniques and programs and often uses one or more designs as a springboard for additional work. Lately, she’s been saving images so she has a way to trace her finished abstract pieces back to the original camera shot! She loves to create traditional art, from nature and flowers to dancers and other performers. Yet if she’s been away from abstract work for too long, it calls her back.
Along with her continual search for more digital art tools, Alison continues to improve her photography and recently invested in a new camera and off-camera flash equipment. She’s a volunteer Pawparrazzi with the Humane Society of Greater Dayton, which means she takes professional shots of adoptable animals. She is currently moving into portrait work and wants to capture more landscape photos.
Her artwork has appeared and placed in juried gallery shows, including the PA Center for Photography, the Troy-Hayner Cultural Center, and Middletown Arts Center, and her work was shown at Dayton’s Art in the City the past two summers. She is a member of the Dayton Society of Artists and the Springfield Museum of Art, and shows her work at The ARTery co-op gallery at Front Street.
Alison offers all her work as matted or framed photo prints, and unframed or framed canvases in multiple sizes. Sometimes her images are available in a variety of colors. Just ask!

=== Alison Bour Statement ===
I've always had a strong visual spirit and soul, though I'm unable to paint, sketch, or draw. So, the computer acts as my canvas and lets me bring my artistic visions to life. I never use AI- or web-generated images, even in my purely abstract work. My art, traditional or contemporary, is created using only my own photo images as a foundation. At any given time, I might have 100 or more works in process, neatly and methodically organized on my iMac. I let the possibilities be for a while, then cull my favorite options for a particular image I have in mind. Still, many times, the outcome is different than I expect – what my former teacher calls a ‘happy accident.’

=== Ariel White Bio ===
Ariel White studied genetics in college and has always loved nature and especially animals. She has been drawing since a child, and her dad introduced her to painting while young. After being a stay at home mom for 7 years, she decided to turn her love of art into a passionate endeavor and small business.

=== Ariel White Statement ===
With her use of bright colors and cartoon style, Ariel’s work turns the ordinary into something whimsical. Through her paintings, Ariel’s hope is to take her love of animals and share the joy she finds in the cute, silly, and odd. She hopes to bring a laugh to viewers, and spark playfulness. Ariel White has a studio at Dayton Front Street.

=== Michelle Brandt Bio ===
I am a self-taught artist, painting in primarily Acrylics and watercolors. I learned from years of doodling & crafting.
I have always had a love for art, even as a young child. From with the kids when they were little, to gardening, sewing, cross-stitch and photography, and also singing in the church choir. When I retired in 2021, I decided to concentrate on painting. The flowers and birds in my garden are inspiring and I do a lot of studio work from photographs. Lately I have been doing more somewhat abstracted realism and impressionistic paintings, but regardless of the style, I try to put joy and happiness into every painting I do. I have a great love for bright happy colors that I see all around me, whether it be putting it on paper, canvas or even a rain barrel or flowerpot.
I moved to Dayton 40+ years ago and I love Dayton and the vibrant arts community here. I am a member of the Dayton Society of Artists and the Dayton Blues Society. I reside in the Belmont neighborhood of Dayton, OH.
Awards:
Tipp City Arts Council, Fine Arts Exhibit- 2022: Amateur Watercolor 2nd place for Wading Crane
TASFledgling Acrylic Challenge 2019 – Honorable Mention – Bengal tiger
Exhibition:
Dayton Society of Artists – Small but Mighty 2022, 2023
Tipp City Arts - A Fine Art Affair - 2022, 2023
Tipp City Arts - A Holiday Art Affair 2023

=== Michelle Brandt Statement ===
I have a great love of nature, especially flowers & animals. With my paintings I try to inspire love, happiness & wellbeing. I have always done some type of creative work. I try to put joy and happiness into every painting I do. I have a great love for bright happy colors that I see all around me, whether it be putting it on paper, canvas or even a rain barrel or flowerpot.

=== Michael Surber Bio ===
As an award-winning Ohio-based artist, Michael Surber has carved out a unique niche in the art world, one that honors the legacy of painting while pushing its boundaries. His artwork continues to inspire and captivate, securing his place as a significant contemporary artist whose work resonates with a wide audience, inviting us all to find our own stories within the vibrant hues and bold textures of his creations.

=== Michael Surber Statement ===
My artwork has been described by collectors and curators as poetic, essential, experimental, primal, colorful, and storytelling. I think my love for vibrant color shows most of all in my work.

=== Nancy Shuler Bio ===
Nancy Shuler is a full-time artist working in Troy, Ohio, north of Dayton. She received her BFA from Wright State University. She studied in Tuscany at La Macina di San Cresci, Greve, Italy. Shuler has been widely recognized in the Dayton area and has exhibited at the Dayton Art Institute, Front Street Galleries, and APAC Performing Arts Center. She has been involved in Art in the City through the Downtown Dayton Partnership. During her time as Interim Director of the Dayton Artist Society, Nancy taught art. Her work has been widely recognized in the Dayton area, and her passion for art is lifelong. Nancy combines color, texture, and design elements to create stunning pieces of art.

=== Nancy Shuler Statement ===
My art invites viewers to pause, observe, and appreciate. I invite you on this artistic excursion. This is where dreams intertwine with reality, and life's splendor unfolds through paint, shared experiences, and art's transformative power.

=== Kim Ceccarelli Bio ===
Kim Ceccarelli is a pastel and oil painter who currently lives in Beavercreek, OH with her husband and puppy, Cookie. She is a self taught artist that has traveled extensively to paint en plein air. She also enjoys painting from live models and has been juried into The Arnold Art Competition in Columbus, OH for 3 years. Kim has won numerous awards for her plein air paintings from various galleries and exhibits in Ohio such as the Tipp City Fine Arts exhibit, the Fairborn Art Association, and the Maria Stein Art exhibit. Her art is currently displayed on an Art Wrap in downtown Dayton, and in the Sparrows Nest in Hot Springs, VA. Her art-o-mat blocks are on display at the Smithsonian Institute in Washington, D.C. She has had solo shows in Tejas K-12 Gallery, the Centerville Art Gallery and the Lofino Art Gallery. Her artwork is also held in private collections in OH, PA, VA, FLA, and CO. Kim is a member of the Dayton Society of Artists, the Ohio Plein Air Society, and the Dayton Plein Air Society. Kim has also been a participant on the Art Show on PBS.

=== Kim Ceccarelli Statement ===
I grew up in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania in a small steel mill town where I lived among great cultural diversity. As a child, I was always drawing on any scrap of paper I could find. I went to college at Duquesne University and Wright State University and then worked many years first as a critical care nurse and then as a school nurse for underprivileged children. Through the process of time, I have been able to return to my first love of drawing and then painting. I choose to work with oils and pastels because of the intensity of the colors of both mediums and I am inspired by the interplay of lights and shadows. My life experiences and travels have given me the opportunity to paint a wide range of subjects both here and abroad. Through my art, I hope to foster a connection between the viewer and the profound beauty that surrounds us.

=== Cindy Callahan Bio ===
Cindy is a native Daytonian and self-taught artist. She has taken workshops from local artists and online paid instruction. Her art has been featured at smaller gallery spaces downtown, as well as Front Street Art Fests. She is an active member of Dayton Society of Artists and Women’s TriArt Society.

=== Cindy Callahan Statement ===
I am a prolific painter in both acrylic and watercolor. With acrylics my work celebrates the relationship of color, form, and texture. I work with a variety of texture making mediums, tools, and recycled objects to create depth and feeling.

=== Lori Daugherty Bio ===
Dayton-based abstract artist, Lori Daugherty, enjoys exploring and experimenting with the encaustic medium. She finds that the encaustic medium provides a wealth of depth, breadth, and texture, with an added twist of mystery.
Armed with an arsenal of torches, hot plates, and air compressors Lori melds intricate layers of color with encaustic wax paints, inks, and shellac. She desires to take the viewer on an enchanted adventure while following the painting’s path, embracing the lines, the shapes, the color, and the texture.
Lori has been involved in numerous local shows as well as large exhibitions throughout Ohio. Additionally, she is a member of The Contemporary - Dayton, The Dayton Society of Artists, and The Springfield Museum of Art - Ohio. As a passionate advocate for the local arts scene, she actively participates in various local art committees and projects.
Lori's artwork is featured in both private and commercial collections across various states in the US including Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, New York, Connecticut, Colorado, and Florida, extending its reach to California and even overseas in China.
Lori’s studio/gallery called “Darty Art” can be found at the Front Street Buildings, which is one of Ohio’s largest art venues devoted to artist studios, art galleries, boutiques, and creative spaces. Lori welcomes the public to visit “Darty Art” during The Front Street’s First Friday and Third Sunday events of each month, or by appointment.

=== Lori Daugherty Statement ===
Inspired by a vivid imagination and a fascination with color, texture, and motion, my art frequently captures brief moments that have caught my attention. I'm known for my bold, colorful, and lively abstract creations. Captivated by the process, I create intricate layers of color using wax, pigment, ink, shellac, and various other mediums. As an artist, my goal is to immerse the viewer into the intricate journey of each painting, by exploring its depths and complexities.

=== Pat McClelland Bio ===
C. Pat McClelland
Born in Dayton, Ohio in 1952. Graduated from Wright State University in 1989, BFA with concentrations in painting and printmaking. Received a MFA from The University of Cincinnati in 1992 with a concentration in printmaking. Retired in 2020 from the position of Gallery Coordinator/Collections Curator at Sinclair Community College.
Has taught drawing, painting or printmaking at The University of Cincinnati, Wright State University, Antioch College, Central State University, The Dayton Art Institute, Rosewood Arts Center, and Sinclair Community College.
In 2011 was presented Wright State University, Department of Art and Art History, outstanding alum award.
An active, exhibiting artist with work in many public and private collections including The University of Cincinnati, Sinclair Community College, Indiana University East, Children’s Medical Center - Dayton, and The Montgomery County Office of Management and Budget.

=== Pat McClelland Statement ===
Many people think of mathematics and fine art as being polar opposites: formulaic calculation verses creative intuition. When a friend recently asked me a question about art, I think I created more confusion than clarity when I replied that, ultimately, it was about math: wave lengths of light, Fibonacci number sequences, ratios, etc… Art can be understood by its mathematical properties. Fortunately for those of us who do not think in numbers, appreciation does not require understanding.

Life is complex. In an effort to respond to its infinite complexities, many people formulate simplicity by analyzing it in base-2 terms: good/bad, yes/no, male/female, us/them, yin/yang…

My recent work, though complex upon completion, is actually derived from the exploration of a multitude of base-2 relationships: warm/cool, order/chaos, shape/line, reading/looking, formal/narrative, illusionistic space/acknowledgement of surface… As the work develops these concepts merge, overlap, compete, and synthesize into a dynamic visual amalgamation that presents as complexity, but is essentially the result of simple, direct dialogue between prescribed elements. The most challenging aspect of this process for me, the artist, is to manage these conversations and be willing to sacrifice early developments of the composition in favor of newer strata of alteration as the painting progresses. Loss and discovery yield completion.

=== Barbara Mandell Bio ===
Barb Mandell has been creating art for over 47 years. Exhibitions in Ohio galleries, hotels, college and in private venues to raise capital campaign funds for non-profit charitable organizations.

=== Barbara Mandell Statement ===
Barbara Mandell creates original designs by hand utilizing various mediums.

My interest in Impressionism, abstract, architectural lines, geometric shapes and balance of color strongly influences my work.  The art is designed to be colorful, imaginative, and a fun addition to your art collection for your home, business or industry.

A percentage of all my art sales go to Multiple Sclerosis and Breast Cancer Research.

=== Lindsey Tribelhorn Bio ===
I am a mostly self taught artist who has lived and worked in the Dayton area most of my life. I have shown work in galleries around Ohio, Indiana, Denver and Chicago. I have been chosen on multiple occasions to create murals for festivals all over the Midwest. I specialize in acrylic painting but also dabble in sculpture work, fiber arts, and digital art.

=== Lindsey Tribelhorn Statement ===
My creative endeavor revolves around the exploration of sensory perception and the boundaries of reality. Through my art, I strive to evoke a state of hallucination without the use of drugs, inviting viewers to embark on a journey of visual transcendence. By employing various mediums and techniques, I aim to challenge conventional notions of perception and awaken a heightened sense of awareness within the observer. Each piece serves as a portal to an alternate reality, where the mind is free to roam and imagination knows no bounds.

=== Roxanne Grooms Bio ===
Artistically driven, after high school I took a job in the military as an illustrator, illustrating training handbooks of maps, uniforms, ranks and insignias for US Army troops in the field. I used my GI Bill and started my education at Wright State University then transferred to the Minneapolis College of Art and Design, where I also did a work/study program at the Minneapolis Art Institute. I finished my fine arts degree with a concentration in drawing and painting from the University of Minnesota. I studied and learned from faculty members, Herman Somberg (from the “Cedar Bar - Franz Kline” days) as well as Victor Caglioti, Tom Rose, Tom Lane, Jody Williams, George Creamer and Andrew Leicester, to name a few. Simultaneously, I pursued Corporate America in the graphic arts realm. That experience enhanced a professional discipline and commitment to my fine art.
I just recently relocated to Dayton 2 years ago after 25 years in San Diego. Suffice to say, Dayton has a great art scene and I’m proud to be a part of it.

=== Roxanne Grooms Statement ===
The duality of the circle, the perfect shape, boasts a soft and gentle yet strong and dynamic role In my art. It becomes a character amongst rich earthly hues, nurturing stitches or twisted threads which anchor it to the story while inviting you to use your imagination and play along.

=== Larry Hensel Bio ===
Larry Hensel is a graduate of the Dayton Art Institute with an associate degree in graphic design. He has worked as a graphic designer for over 30 years with advertising agencies and industrial companies. Larry also has his own freelance graphic design business. Larry is currently employed by the Greene County Convention & Visitors Bureau as their in-house graphic designer. Along with graphic design duties for the CVB, Larry is also in charge of documenting events using photography. The photos become part of the CVB library and are used for future promotional campaigns.
In his spare time, Larry likes to get out and photograph historical architecture, car shows, and local and state parks. Larry has used many of the photos he has taken to create an extensive portfolio of architectural element panels, poster designs for vintage aircraft, and posters for historical buildings.

=== Larry Hensel Statement ===
I've only started doing photography over the past few years. As a graphic designer, I really enjoy taking my photography to the next level and creating something striking and pleasing to the eye.

=== Brian Mathus Bio ===
Brian is a Dayton-based artist with a lifelong passion for visual expression. His artistic journey began in childhood, inspired by his mother’s drawings and fueled by early experiences at the Charles H. Taylor Arts Center and a formative period in Portland, OR, included studies at C.E. Mason and the Pacific NW College of Art, where he embraced a vibrant Fauvist approach.
As a founding member of Rake Art Gallery, Brian’s work garnered recognition, including a visit to China. While family and a decade of service in the Air National Guard took precedence, his creative spirit remained strong. He earned a graphic design degree, further developing his eye for composition and order. Today, his Dayton studio is a hub of artistic exploration, where he focuses on figurative painting and brings a unique perspective to his work.

=== Brian Mathus Statement ===
 In the past when I drew my face I drew the nose too big. A societal imposed prejudice had distorted how I saw. Determined, I sat down and painstakingly measured my nose on my face and drew it with emotional clarity. I rooted out a racist trope. Which distorted how I saw myself and others. Along the way, I removed more distorting imposed prejudice in my vision that was shifting how I saw.  Over time removing one idea or another, I realized I could see trees like poetry I could see people without distortion, and I could see meaning in the shapes of things. I could see the world with emotional clarity and that’s what I paint.

I paint on canvas, wood, and paper. I use graphite and Conte crayon to draw interwoven relationships between objects, environments, and people. Using acrylic and oil paint, I create an atmosphere that shapes meaning with composition and color. I imbue my marks with my emotion then I step back and look at the construction of it to create the composition. I use the layers of paint to create depth and history. I scratch into it to reveal layers. I’ve integrated fauvism, cubism, abstract expressionism, and African art into my unique language of marks. I paint the work until I feel ecstatic at the sight of it. 

Our minds navigate the world by creating images of it. I actively remove the distorted images and move towards emotionally clear ones. I use thin layers of paint to let the light in, which acts like a metaphor. It builds layer by layer until it reaches the ecstatic and the sublime. Shifting the images in my mind on canvas changes the world and it is as plain as the nose on my face.

There is an energy that lives inside us that is vital for vibrating strings and movement. These colors vibrate as if to vibrate into the picture or of the canvas. There is a whole in the perception that we have of each other that can never truly be filled except with presence. We carry the energy of our past and our nature and contain it in multiple ways. The stripes represent that kind of energy and where it is directed.  It’s a representation of how we filter ourselves our natural energy and the tension that surfaces because of that containment. And its interaction between systems of people.

=== Mikee Huber Bio ===
Mikee Huber is an abstract artist influenced by built environments, the natural world, music, and design. Drawing inspiration from scientific images, circuit boards, topographic views, and music genres like disco, funk, and 90s hip hop, her work reflects a blend of intuitive painting and a fascination with visual data.
Employing unconventional tools such as pipettes, tongue depressors, and silicon scrapers, Mikee reserves traditional brushes for her hard-edge paintings. She relishes using variations in color, scale, and contrast to create visual balance, transforming data into realms of possibility. She often works in series and organizes her thoughts and ideas through her paintings.
Mikee Huber is a member artist of the Dayton Society of Artists and the Springfield Museum of Art (Ohio). She has degrees in commercial art and fine arts and has been a graphics designer for almost thirty years. Her work has been featured in solo and group exhibitions, and she has received recognition for her innovative approach to abstract art.

=== Mikee Huber Statement ===
In my Connections series, I explore the intricate bonds that tie individuals and communities together. Through vibrant color fields and intersecting lines, viewers are invited on a journey of discovery, witnessing the beauty of human connection unfold.

Each line in my paintings represents a unique individual, and as they converge, they form a cohesive whole—a metaphor for the strength found in unity. Inspired by the rich diversity of urban life, I celebrate the blending of cultures and traditions that enrich our communities.

My art serves as a reminder of the transformative power of connection. By embracing diversity and fostering meaningful relationships, we can build stronger, more inclusive communities where every individual is valued and respected.

=== Pam Geisel Bio ===
Pam Geisel's background is in graphic design, which is why her art quilts have a strong graphic quality. She was raised in suburbs outside of Dayton, Ohio, and currently lives in Yellow Springs, Ohio.

=== Pam Geisel Statement ===
I enjoy making both traditional pieced abstract quilts and also representational landscape quilts. With traditional quilts I enjoy the secondary patterns that start to emerge when the blocks are joined together and also how a design will look different if the colors or layout is changed. Lately I've been playing with using words and typography in my quilts and exploring creating socio-political art to help the public better understand particular social or political issues.

=== Erin Smith Glenn Bio ===
Erin Morgan Smith Glenn is an associate professor of art, former VP of the board for the Dayton Society of Artists, and proud alum of Central State University. She holds an M.F.A. from the University of Cincinnati, respectfully. Erin has had her work shown in various regional, national and international exhibitions in Ohio, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Louisiana, Vermont, Texas, Virginia and Illinois, including numerous solo exhibitions. Erin is also the creator and faculty lead for CSU’s Fine Arts Study Abroad program, which has covered Italy (2022) and more recently, Paris (2024).
Among Erin’s lifelong pursuits is to continually practice her overall creative experiences, vowing never to stop “growing as an artist and individual”, while always striving to instill this concept in her students, mentees and her three children, as she does within herself.
When not participating as an educator or practitioner, TheScarvinArtist LLC occupies much of her entrepreneurial time, as she accepts painting and drawing commissions, and creates unique crocheted and other artisanal designs and mixed media projects. Etsy, IG and FB have been her main platform for showcasing her business exploits.
"Follow the gravitational pull within you that leads to a life of consistent growth and development through the pursuant act of creative imagination." Erin M Smith Glenn

=== Erin Smith Glenn Statement ===
Nothing gives me more pleasure as an artist than knowing that the creative process is just that: a process by which I can explore my unique style while also staying true to the things that stir me most: advocacy, activism, HAIRitage, mental health awareness and even the constant discovery and utilization of Mother Nature, as she will always rule supreme. As an educator, I believe it truly is essential for us to hold true to our craft being careful not to become comfortable, stagnant or otherwise uninterested in the ever-changing world around us.

My greatest hope is that when people see my work, they will see someone who embodied, most of all, a desire to leave this world better than I found it.

=== Bruce Soifer Bio ===
I am a member of The Contemporary Gallery (formerly DVAC), Tri-Pod Camera Club, Professional Photographers of America. Also, Piqua Arts Council and Dayton Society of Artists.
My work has been displayed and sold in various shows throughout the Miami Valley.
I have won an award for Best of Show, Amateur, in " Light Up Dayton" in 2009 and 2012, First Place in Photography at Piqua Art Council's multi-media show in 2019 and Second Place in Photography at Troy Hayner Cultural Center's "Through Your Eyes" photography show. I recently received a First Place in the MAC Art show in 2023 in the People Category.

=== Bruce Soifer Statement ===
I am a artist and photographer, I have the eye of a painter, the mind of a camera, and the heart of an elephant.

My passion to capture the creation of art, whatever form it may come from; Nature, man, or woman. It could be a painter creating on a canvas or a sculptor shaping a clump of clay from their minds eye. A dancer leaping across the stage with grace and strength, maybe conductor directing an orchestra, interpreting the score of a composer. The moment a musician creating his or her music that moves us to sing and dance maybe cry or laugh. The Magic of the Sun Rise and Sunset or the mystique of the clouds interacting with Sun. As with everything so fleeting are the moments of creation that I strive to capture with my camera; Their passion, joy, frustration, agony, and the beauty of it all.

=== Alisa H. Workman Bio ===
Alisa H. Workman has had a love for nature and gardening all of her life. As a young child, she remembers pulling the marigold blooms off of the flowers in her grandmother’s garden. She started out creating mosaic pots and birdbaths, painted garden pots, and other art installations for the garden. In the summer of 2015 she picked up a paintbrush and brought her love of flowers to the canvas.
Alisa has been a Dayton, Ohio area resident most of her life. She is a graduate of Wright State University earning a BS in Geology with a specialty in Crystallography. Her career has included working in a bioacoustics lab and a 15 year stint as a stay-at-home mom. Since 1998 she has worked at The Miami Valley School and currently is a full time preschool art teacher at the Soin Early Childhood School at MVS.
Her paintings have been exhibited in the Dayton, Cincinnati, and Columbus areas of Ohio. Her work can be found in collections throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe.
Her love of nature, art, and science are translated into acrylic paintings of bold flowers and vibrant splashes of color. Each and every painting tells a story.

=== Alisa H. Workman Statement ===
I dabbled at the edge of the art pool for years ... mixed media collages, painted garden pots, colorful tiled garden hardscape installations.
The work that I consider my first completed painting, my frightening leap into the deep end of the pool, is SURVIVE. It was done in 2017, in the first art workshop that I attended. It was begun a year after my mother's death and my sister's suicide. It was completed after my husband's cancer diagnosis.
Life is filled with happiness and sadness. I choose to focus on the sadness and to turn that darkness into something bright and wonderful and happy. Vibrant colors energize and excite. I LOVE color.
Inspired by all that surrounds me, I paint lightly abstract floral works ... renderings of bold flowers with rich splashes of color.

=== Beth Borchers Bio ===
If you gaze deep within each piece, you will be forever changed by the soul reaching artwork of Beth Borchers!
From a young age, Beth's love for nature, drawing and belief in a world of magic was evident. These themes are reflected in her artwork. Beth's paintings are captivating and distinctive, each one telling a story, respective to each individual. Her style is original, abstract, and is meant to connect you to your heart.
Beth is a self-taught mixed media artist who has taken the art world by storm with her intense colors and bold, sometimes playful choices. She loves adding splashes, swirls and circles of color or metallic accents giving each piece another layer of interest and depth. You never know what you may see if you contemplate it long enough. That is the magic!
Beth’s art is more than just visually stunning - it mirrors her deep understanding of the power of love, peace, and joy. She strives to create a stirring of emotion in all who view it. Her work reflects her life, her experiences, and the beauty she has chosen to see in the world around her.

=== Beth Borchers Statement ===
Whether you are looking for a statement piece for your living room or a unique gift for a loved one, you are sure to find something that speaks to your heart and soul in my pieces. Custom orders are always welcome, most sizes can be accommodated.

=== Amy Kollar Anderson Bio ===
Amy Kollar Anderson creates surreal narrative paintings inspired by natural forms, the decorative arts and her love of animals. Her work has been shown internationally and featured in the publication, Imagine the Imagination: New Visions of Surrealism. Anderson was awarded three of the ReImagining Works commissions for the Dayton Metro Library in 2014-17, a commission for the Miami Valley Hospital and the Woodbourne Centerville Library in 2018 and a Culture Works MCACD Artist Opportunity Grant in 2018 & 2020.
She received her B.F.A. from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago, and a Master of Humanities, with a focus in Fine Arts, from Wright State University.
Amy Kollar Anderson lives with her husband and their three cats in the birthplace of aviation, Dayton, Ohio. Until recently, she was the Gallery Coordinator for the Rosewood Gallery, but left that position to pursue her art career full-time.

=== Amy Kollar Anderson Statement ===
Inspired by her sewing hobby and the thrift stores she frequents, Amy Kollar Anderson’s paintings pair patterns, textures and colors in unconventional ways. Using a panel base, she builds the painting surface with layers of Pouring Medium embedded with unique materials, such as glitter, mica, washi, and holographic/metallic foils. These layers also include areas of paint that she applies with her fingers or in puddles, allowing the material to drip and evaporate in unpredictable ways. These dense layers hover above each other with an effect similar to glass or resin, then she incorporates detailed narrative images. The narratives explore tension/anxiety, obsession, humor, and transformation. Her subject matter is influenced by the natural world and her environmental concerns, dreams, and personal experiences. She recently finished a 13 panel series inspired by the symbolism of the Zodiac constellations and is currently working on another 13 panel series focused on the Celtic Tree Zodiac.

=== Erica Keener Bio ===
With her bold use of color and her eye for natural detail, Erica’s work captures the world around us, asking viewers to reconsider even the most apparently ordinary scenes. In particular she enjoys trying to recreate clouds and storms as they move over the landscape. Through her paintings, Erica’s hope is to share the sanctuary that she finds in nature, particularly when contemplating the ever changing skies above. She encourages everyone to look around more often - and especially to look up. Working from her own reference photos, many taken in the vicinity of her home in the country in Preble County, the tactile nature of her preferred medium of pastels allows Erica to directly interact with the source of inspiration, creating pieces that evoke a sense of wonder and awe at the beauty of the natural world.
She is privileged to be a member of the supportive art community in Dayton and has a studio at the Front Street Art complex. Her award winning art has been exhibited in Richmond, Oxford, Dayton and Cincinnati and can be found at the McCullough-Hyde Memorial Hospital in Oxford, the Henny Penny Corporate Headquarters in Eaton, the Five Rivers Health Center Edmonton Campus in Dayton as well as local private collections throughout the Miami Valley area and beyond.

=== Erica Keener Statement ===
I used to think of painting in solitary terms. It was simply straight-forward observation of light and shadow and color, capturing a fleeting moment on canvas or paper for my own satisfaction. But when others began to tell me about the joy my paintings brought to them, I realized it was more than that. It meant something. It was personal to them as well, it made them smile, gave them solace. What was on the surface just a painting of the sky or fields became a source of comfort and have come to realize that my little contribution to making the world a better place is to share with others the sanctuary that I have found when shadow and light and color come together in those fleeting moments of harmony. And maybe that small sanctuary in a chaotic world is not such a little thing after all.

=== Gretchen Durst Jacobs Bio ===
Gretchen Durst Jacobs was born in Dayton, Ohio. She holds degrees in painting from Wright State University in Dayton, OH (BFA, 2000) and The University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH (MFA, 2008). In 2000 and 2001, she attended The New York Studio School, Drawing and Painting Marathons. She received a Montgomery County Arts and Cultural District, Individual Artist Grant in 2023. Her work has been the subject of 9 solo exhibitions. She has shown extensively in Ohio, the US and Canada venues including Manifest Gallery, Cincinnati, OH (2023), The Lambton Heritage Museum, Ontario, Canada (2022) The Dana Wiley Gallery, Dayton, OH (2021), The University of Cincinnati (2018), Truro Center for the Arts at Castle Hill, (2020) Zea Mays, Florence, MA (2019) Morgan Conservatory, Cleveland, OH (2019) Alten Feuerwache Loschwitz, Grafikwerkstatt, Dresden, Germany (2018), Dayton/Kyoto Print Exchange, (2016, 2018, 2020, 2023), Ohio Northern University (2010). You can see her public art installed at The Dayton Metro Library (completed in 2017) and the Kettering Government Center (completed 2015). She is represented by The Dana Wiley Gallery, Dayton, Ohio.

=== Gretchen Durst Jacobs Statement ===
I create non-objective paintings informed by the scale of my body; most of my paintings are near my height and reach from fingertip to fingertip. I am fascinated by the qualities of color, movement, rhythm, and space. I work with themes such as the natural world, climate change, and feminist ideas. A limited and carefully considered color palette references the body/nature, psychological interior and power. Muscle memory informs my mark-making, aligning my perception and thoughts. Paint is applied intuitively and is expressive and tender, and in this, I embody the landscape.
A carefully designed grid is at the heart of each new painting. The grid forms a hard and soft boundary for the work and creates a mutable tension between the geometry and the interweaving large gesture. This pictorial dichotomy references the relational dualism at work in our modern lives and our environment.
The dominant canon of abstract painting has long been associated with masculinity, and so I reclaim this process as I wonder, what is feminine abstract painting? As a woman it is what I know. By utilizing all of my faculties, body and mind, I can best observe my subject of consequence—my enduring and sacred relationship with the natural world and its essential place in my life and work.

=== Lydia Williamson Bio ===
I’m Lydia Williamson, an acrylic and mixed media painter with a studio and gallery in Dayton, Ohio, which I opened three years ago with my dad. I’ve been a professional artist for five years, and my work revolves around my "NOODLE People," a series of exaggerated, long-limbed people that explore the humor and awkwardness of human experience.
One of the most notable aspects of my artistic journey is the development of this distinct style, which has allowed me to create accessible, playful pieces that encourage viewers to project their own meaning onto them. What excites me most right now is experimenting with new ways to push the boundaries of these figures—exploring how abstract or surreal they can become while still inviting connection and curiosity.
My creative practice is about freedom, spontaneity, and the joy of creating without rigid rules. Each piece is an adventure, and I’m always excited to see where the noodle people take me next.

=== Lydia Williamson Statement ===
My artwork features "Noodle People" with elongated limbs, inviting viewers to explore the playful and open-ended nature of human expression.

=== Christy Veres Bio ===
Christy Veres was born in Dayton, Ohio August 14th, 1971. Her family then relocated to Troy, in 1978 where she was raised and continues to reside. She did temporarily move to Louisiana from 1999 to 2006 for her then employer The Berry Company. She since moved back to Troy Ohio where she currently resides.
Christy has always been creative and enjoyed nature and the outdoors. She Graduated from Troy High School in 1989 and did participate in the Troy High school art program. From there she went to University of Cincinnati College of Business in 1990 and Transferred to Sinclair Community College in 1991 to study the newly created Computer Art program where she received her Associate of Applied Science in Computer/Commercial Art in 1993.
She worked several internships and jobs in the art field from Newspaper layout and design to T-Shirt Screen Printing design, sign making and Event Coordinating then the Berry Company in 1998 as a Yellow page Ad and Cover designer, She was promoted to Unit manager in Publishing and was relocated to Louisiana. She left the Berry company 2011 and worked a couple Factory Jobs F&P and MVP. In 2017 an illness halted everything and left her disabled and unable to work.
All the spare time was unnerving. Her family encouraged her to get back to painting buying her some paints and coloring books. She was resistant until her fiancé, Frank bought her a woodburning kit and from there it was off to the races....... and the rest is history or actually the Future.... She started Christy Veres Art formerly Gitch Graphix and attends Festivals and Markets such as 3rd Sundays at Front Street as well as online sales and Galleries.
Her Bohemian Folk style is well mixed with her refurbishing of materials such as wood, metals and canvases to produce her art work. She works with a variety of medium, Mainly Acrylic paint on Canvas and wood and wood carving but works with just about every medium out there. Woodburning, carving, etching, watercolor, oil pastels, chalk pastels, colored pencils, alcohol inks, clay and more. Some of her favorite artists are Ansel Adams, Georgia O’Keeffe, Keith Haring, Mike Elsass, and Matt Behyer.

=== Christy Veres Statement ===
I have been an artist all of my life always wanting to create for others’ enjoyment. It is wonderful to see the happiness on the observers’’ faces and to hear their thoughts, both positive and negative, on the works they are observing. I thoroughly enjoy creating art in different media and exploring new ideas. To create a unique take of reality. I am often sidetracked with by new media and projects.

My formal training in art began in high school in Troy, then at the University of Cincinnati, continued at Bowling Green University and was completed at Sinclair Community College. I currently take advantage of the many workshops and training sessions offered.

Because of my interest in many variations of art, I have a variety of followers interested in different forms of my art.

I like to create a unique version of the original in everything I create. I am inspired by my fellow artists, nature and others.

=== Cydnie King Bio ===
Cydnie L. King was born and raised in St. Louis, MO and now lives in Fairborn, Ohio. Cydnie earned a Bachelor of Arts with Emphasis in Studio Art degree at Webster University in 2012 and took part in The Contemporary Dayton’s ArtSource Fellows Workshop in 2018. She taught art for Manuel Creative Arts Academy and has worked with The Contemporary Dayton since 2014. Cydnie is also an exhibiting artist. She is part of the Women Strong Art Group/Exhibition and has had solo and group shows throughout Missouri and Ohio. Her main body of work explores the connection between humanity and nature by depicting figures melding into botanicals. She draws inspiration from her parents’ love of flowers and wildlife that they also instilled in her, despite living in a city. It reminded her of how nature is always around and that no one is immune to its forces. She uses bright, vivid colors to illustrate how inseparable humans are from the nature around us, no matter how hard we try. She mainly works with inks, soft pastels, color pencils and charcoals because she likes the fluidity of each medium together and the saturation of colors that help emphasize the power of the images she creates.

=== Cydnie King Statement ===
What I mainly focus on are my interpretations of the human connection to nature by showing botanicals as part of the human body as well as circuits flowing through plants and natural settings. This is to emphasize that parts of humanity are very similar to parts of the natural world and that the bond between the two is still present no matter how humanity tries to sometimes distance itself. It is also my creative take on genetic modification of nature. We want our plants to grow bigger, taste better, look prettier, but how often do we stop and consider what all these technological changes are doing to the plants? Does it make them look better? Does it truly help them achieve optimum performance?

=== Jeremy Nickoson Bio ===
Jeremy grew up in the small town of Yellow Springs OH on 10 acres of woods, a creek, and a lot to explore. He became interested in photography during a trip to a friend’s family cabin in the Boundary Waters of northern Minnesota. He has been selling his photography at a number of local art shows over the years, like Art on the Lawn in Yellow Springs.
He has been traveling with his camera for over 15 years, completely self taught through trial and error and plenty of experience along the way. Nature and landscape photography made a great addition to his adventures of visiting 56 National Parks and 44 states so far.
He has also become a volunteer at John Glenn Astronomy Park in Hocking Hills due to his frequent visits and passion for sharing the amazing night sky with visitors.

=== Jeremy Nickoson Statement ===
I have specialized in landscape and nature photography, with some dabbling in astrophotogray. I do my best to make sure what comes straight off the camera is as inspiring as it can be. My goal with photography is to help encourage others to get outside and experience the amazing wonders that are just waiting to be found in nature. Most of my prints are printed on metal (aluminum) or metallic paper, which give an incredible vibrancy and character regular photo prints don't have.

=== Tami Beale Bio ===
Tami Beale is a self-taught abstract artist residing in the city of Bellbrook, Ohio. Her artistic journey spans over two decades. She began her creative path using acrylics, dabbled in watercolors, and ultimately found her true artistic calling in the world of oil painting, thanks to local art classes that broadened her horizons. She creates colorful and unique abstract oil paintings and mixed media paintings on canvas. Her paintings feature layers of vibrant colors and textures, resulting in a geometric, yet contemporary vibe. With her art, she strives to add some beauty and boldness into every space.
Tami is a member of The Dayton Society of Artists, The Contemporary Dayton, Yellow Springs Art Council and Springfield Museum Of Art.

=== Tami Beale Statement ===
I believe that art is a therapeutic endeavor. I believe in the power art, not only as a healer to those who create it, but also to those who immerse themselves in it.

=== Glenna Jennings Bio ===
Glenna Jennings is an artist and educator whose work includes photography, curating, and socially-engaged art. She is an Associate Professor of Photography and Social Practice at the University of Dayton, Ohio, and completed her MFA in Visual Arts at the University of California, San Diego. Jennings holds BAs in English and Spanish (Pepperdine) and a BFA in Photography (Art Center College of Design). She has exhibited throughout the US, Mexico, Europe, and China. Recognition of her work includes several Ohio Arts Council Individual Excellence Awards, a Photolucida Robert Rauschenberg Award, and several project grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. Her work resides within the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego, AMNUA Museum China, The Center for Photography at Woodstock, and multiple private collections. Jennings is actively involved in food justice in Ohio and beyond, and was recently awarded a University of Dayton Excellence in Teaching award and a Montgomery County Educator Food Champion award or her work with the socially-engaged art collaboration Desert Kitchen Collective.

=== Glenna Jennings Statement ===
The tables of my youth were compact, plastic, and single-serve. Meant to be folded and put away, then quickly assembled in time for dinner and prime time TV. Our dining room table’s leaf could accommodate guests, but feasts were rare in our home, where a single working mom and her only child alternated between frozen meals and homecooked stews or spaghetti. The ongoing series At Table arose from a desire to add people to these memories, to cultivate relationships across cultures and borders, to document the in-between when ordinary moments come alive through food and drink. In locations scattered throughout North America, Europe and Asia, I have used my lens to navigate from a place that is local in depth but global in breadth. My tablescapes connect friends and former strangers, creating a family album that defies traditional definition and serves as a receptacle for shared memories and cross-cultural artifacts. Though At Table focuses on places of access and abundance, the imagery often helps guide events and conversations within my work as a socially-engaged artist, food justice activist and founder of the Desert Kitchen Collective. Ultimately, this series aims to reveal aspects of the human condition that collide and converge in a shared, familiar place – the table.

=== Libby Rudolf Bio ===
I started painting as a child with my grandmother in Jamestown,NY & took classes in MD growing up, in college & many workshops in Ohio & beyond. I joined Village Artisans co-op Gallery in Yellow Springs in 2013 where my work can be found. I also join in group shows and host solo shows & belong to Ohio Pleinair Society, etc. I teach occasionally..commissions accepted.

=== Libby Rudolf Statement ===
I paint watercolors expressively, endeavoring to capture the essence of a scene or person, weaving together color & form. I enjoy painting from life, pleinair.

=== Art of Frozen Time (Jeff Smith) Bio ===
My name is Jeff Smith, a common name is mine
Which is why I branded, as Art of Frozen Time
I finished Wright State, with a degree studying rocks
Flew for the Air Force, avoiding those mountainous blocks

I strive for perfection, mistakes I must not make
My wife and daughters, laugh with a different take
I drive an old truck, it generally runs fine
But there are those days, the tow trucks must align
I love chasing sunsets, and peaceful twilights too
Those colors excite me, those reds, yellows and blues
My photography caters, to Evidence-based design
By giving the sick, a peaceful state of mind

As Golden hour arrives, I aim towards the light
I counter the glare, keeping my aperture tight
This light diffraction creates, a heavenly sun star
So today my prints hold, this signature avatar

Some vistas are grand, as the sun sinks in the skies
Ninety exposures it takes, as the shutter count flies
Back home on the computer, I pray that I got it right
I merge the many images, revealing a panoramic sight

As the end of day approaches, the parks become seclude
I watch the sky ignite, creating a peaceful solitude
I believe it’s my calling, these moments in their prime
Sharing the awe & wonder, …the Art of Frozen Time

=== Art of Frozen Time (Jeff Smith) Statement ===
For me, the most intriguing light comes at the end of the day…as a result, I love chasing sunsets! The interaction of the low-angled sun and high-level clouds produce brief but amazing colors. The conditions which produce these scenes are infrequent and pass quickly when they do occur. In fact, on most days, they don’t happen at all. Often, an over-the-horizon cloud blocks the sunlight from painting the skies in warm colors. On other days, I’ll find clouds perfectly poised to being lit from underneath, right before they suddenly evaporate from view. Despite the trials and tribulations, the thrill comes from the fleeting moments when it all comes together...where patience, anticipation and preparation produce stunning scenes which evoke awe and excitement!

If I’m lucky enough to catch favorable light, I prefer the contre-jour technique of pointing my lens into the light. Given the extreme contrast between dimmer, golden-hour foregrounds and the still very bright sun and underlit clouds, the exposures become more unforgiving. I mitigate these effects through bracketing. Coupled with the bracketing, some vistas beg for a panoramic composition that entails capturing a series of exposures that sweep across the horizon.

The parks and vistas I shoot are often void of visitors during these hours leaving me to ponder if I was the only one witnessing the spectacle. In creating these images, it’s hard not to experience a sense of awe and wonder, thus I find my calling in sharing these decisive moments.

=== Matt Blair Bio ===
When I’m not spending time with my wife and two daughters, I enjoy plein air watercolors and urban sketching. Many of my paintings and drawings reflect my love of our city’s history and culture. I do commissions of houses, businesses, and other landmarks. Drop me a line! --Matt, mvblair@yahoo.com

=== Matt Blair Statement ===
Despite its faults, Dayton is a beautiful place. I enjoy sketching our city's diversity in architecture, culture, and people. I enjoy working in playful, whimsical style and a more realistic, though still fun way. I am proud to have had my work featured in a new documentary about Dayton's favorite son, Paul Laurence Dunbar.

=== Kathleen Caffrey Bio ===
Like many people, I came into art during Covid. I liken the experience to a very french looking Koolaid man in effect. The drive to create and draw and paint was immediate and nonoptional.
Later, when the mania subsided, I took a breath a looked at what I was making. What the topics were and how I was showing them. Then I arrived at the name I’ve used since, Anthrosercher.
I’ve never known a time when my overriding inspiration wasn’t curiosity. Always surrounded by history and culture my greatest joy was found in exploration, seeking perception, and wanting to understand more. I grew up in Alabama, near Civil War Sites, Bus Boycott parking lots and hanging trees that once bore strange fruit. The complications and shadows of life were ever-present. There’s a saying that anthropology majors are born and have to find their way home. I remember reading the introduction chapter of my first Anthropology textbook and feel that to be true. I had found part of my tribe.
Looking over my current works my story is reflected. Archaeological sites, historical references, artifacts, architecture, classical studies, forgotten techniques, and echoes of people and cultures past. Yet I also draw the courage of those who came before, who faced the challenges of their time - as well as those who claim that courage today. With courage, all things can be faced, and more than we think can be changed. There is no time without challenge.
Like my topics, I can’t seem to stick to a medium. There’s just too much to learn and explore to stay anywhere stagnant. I received a classic art education and have used that as a jumping-off point to explore further. With a foundation of the classics like oil, watercolors, and graphite I have added anything I can to learn and gain additional tools.
As time goes on I have my own times to explore, times past to inspire, and the world for new things to live through. My brushes are ready.

=== Kathleen Caffrey Statement ===
Mindfulness and transformation. The world we live in is precious in the passing moments and dynamic in the shifting sands under our feet. I express my observations and moments in my own efforts to make sense of these opposing forces.

I have always been interested in techniques and methods from the past and present. I have studied historical photographic methods as well as historic drawing, painting, drafting, and methods of perspective. I have also made a point to keep an eye on new products and methods, as well as pioneers exploring joint and evolved techniques.

The past is always present, the present is always passing and the future was planted long ago. While rooted in a lifelong personal study of the Humanities and Science, human beings experience life on emotional terms. This data is transformed into experience and reaction, relationship and connection, and community and focus.

The creative fields, including art, are a means of exploring these. And in my work, I use the emotive effect of art to explore the complex reality we all daily seek to understand.

=== Elisha Frontz Bio ===
Elisha Frontz has worked as an artist and a musician in her home town of Dayton, Ohio for almost 30 years.
Elisha graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Fine Art with a concentration in sculpture from the Art Academy of Cincinnati in 2004. She has taught art classes and workshops at the Dayton Art Institute and the Contemporary Art Center in Cincinnati, Ohio, as well as private lessons.

=== Elisha Frontz Statement ===
As an artist, I am drawn to the complexity and beauty of the systems and patterns found in both the natural world and in mathematics. In my work, I explore these themes through a combination of traditional art materials and the many mediums of fiber art, using a variety of techniques to create intricate and detailed pieces that reflect the interconnectedness of all things.

=== Rebecca Rowley Bio ===
Rebecca Rowley (Becky) is a life long resident of Beavercreek, Ohio and is a linocut print artist.
Growing up near creeks and woodlands, she formed a relationship with the outdoors and the creatures who live there.
In 2021, she was looking for an artistic outlet and in one afternoon filled with sorrow, she found it. Becky's Dad passed away on a beautiful and perfect day in September 2021. She found herself sitting on her parents front porch, waiting on a "sign". In the midst of her grief, she was surrounded by Monarch butterflies. In that few minutes, she believes her Dad sent her the "sign" she needed, the artistic idea to build upon.
"The Monarch and The Sun" was created in remembrance of her Dad. Pieces are typically created in a series of (3). The Monarch & The Sun is the only stand alone piece.
When not in her home studio, Becky works for Five Rivers MetroParks in their administrative offices. She enjoys baking and gardening. When time allows, hiking and camping are on the schedule with her husband Rob and their black lab, Peaches Marie.

=== Rebecca Rowley Statement ===
2021, I was looking for a new artist outlet. My Dad passed away in September 2021. I sat on my parents front porch while my Mom was inside saying her final, personal good byes. Suddenly, one by one, the Monarch butterflies began to appear. I knew in that moment that this was a message. I could see the image so clearly, a monarch rising with the sun. Even today, there are times that Monarchs, in photos or drawings, will come across my vision and I know that I am doing ok.

I prefer to work in "collections of 3". I cut linoleum on subjects that speak to my heart. Many of my block prints are over water color backgrounds. I love the way the subtle colors break through the solid ink.

I get excited when someone tells me why my art speaks to them. Connections are important and I am looking for those subtle and not so subtle connections in my work.

=== Heather Caulfield Bio ===
Heather Caulfield is a soulful creative visionary Artist, Art Director, Teacher, Author, Designer and Editor. Her first love of oil painting started at 8 years old while studying painting in traditional methods with prominent painter Nancy Prophit in her studio in Detroit MI. After achieving a BFA at the Columbus College of Art and Design on full tuition scholarship, she later studied intensely with master painters such as Nelson Shanks at Studio Incamminati in Philadelphia, PA and with the great Stanley Mouse in Sonoma County, CA. She painted live at many festivals and events and was a live painter in “Ser La Muse,” a variety show of numerous entertainers performing in Northern California delivering delicious experiences including live painters, belly dancers, entertainers, live music and many muses. Her paintings have been shown in various galleries in multiple locations all across the U.S. She has designed many images and logos, seen far and wide such as licensed graphics for the Grateful Dead, flyers for music events, and screen print designs for local design houses, bands, festivals, and local companies, and designs for Urban Outfitters in Philadelphia PA. Heather has taught classes of all kinds, children and adult, at the Dayton Art Institute in Dayton, Ohio, and private painting and drawing lessons in her personal art studio. She is currently a resident artist at the Bob “Marley Natural” Dispensaries in St Thomas and St. Croix U.S.V.I. She is also currently writing and Illustrating a series of children's books. A mother to a budding artist, she continues her figurative studies while reconnecting with ancestral roots after a long strange and glorious trip.

=== Heather Caulfield Statement ===
My name is Heather Caulfield. I am a soulful creative visionary Artist, Art Director, Teacher, Author, Designer and Editor. I have painted since I can remember, art has always been a best friend and intuitive messenger, my paintings speak to me, sometimes years later delivering messages to my soul. My love of the renaissance era led me to study many masters such as Michaelangelo and Davinci and other classic painters. They influenced my traditional approach to painting techniques and my love of figurative works and portraiture. Now a mother to a budding artist, I continue figurative studies while reconnecting with my ancestral roots, exploring unique creative expressions ineffably and beyond. I am a spiritual dreamer and infinite conduit of pure source, downloading and documenting information from the unseen and assisting creation since birth. Lover of Nature, whimsical expression and all things mysterious. Experiencer of mystical happenings, delivering a voice for the collective to acknowledge the magic that Nature is. A spiritually charged terrestrial, deep in wonderous imagination, often caught in a daydream or away with the fairies in all delight. Forever a student, studying and seeking universal truths and divine wisdom. A Neptunian painter of innate emotion, capturing the soul on canvas, the pure essence of one’s being. I honor the infinite soul and acknowledge the infinite ONE in you!

=== Loura Lawrence Bio ===
Loura is a travel (tourism) and nature photographer plus digital artist and jewelry designer/maker, based in Dayton, Ohio.
She was trained in photojournalism at Ohio University, Athens, is an alumna with Honors of Sinclair Community Community College, holds a BA in English magna cum laude from New York Institute of Technology, and has over 20 years of photography experience.
Loura's work has been featured multiple times in "Creation Illustrated Magazine," "Mother Earth Magazine," PC-Goenner Talent Agency, Kirkmont Presbyterian Church, Five Rivers MetroParks Publications, Dayton Society of Art, and Dayton Focus Photo Club. Loura is a proud member of Dayton Tripod Camera Club, The Dayton Society of Art, Dayton Focus Photo Club, and Preservation Dayton, Inc.

=== Loura Lawrence Statement ===
I favor "small subjects" of all kinds, and love picking out details of people, places, and things. I also enjoy experimenting with designs, colors, patterns, and light. My photography style favors a photojournalistic approach with bold, vibrant colors and realistic subjects, but I make room for images with a more impressionistic flair, too.

My jewelry pieces these days are mostly made with gemstones, pearls, and vintage beads or buttons, with light wire working and hand crafted findings. I range from bold and funky, unexpected designs to more traditional beaded patterns. My jewelry can be found online at CinnamonAndSilver.com

=== Dayton Ohio Photos (Kevin Myers) Bio ===
I started taking photos around Dayton Ohio in 2019. I like night photography, architecture, and landscape photography. I love to share my photos with others on social media.

=== Dayton Ohio Photos (Kevin Myers) Statement ===
I like to show Dayton and beyond in its best light!

=== Christine Gaffney Bio ===
Christine Gaffney is an interdisciplinary sculptor from Dayton, Ohio. She holds a master’s in fine arts degree from California Institute of the Arts where she studied Art and Technology and Integrated Media. She has also studied art at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York, Columbus College of Art and Design in Columbus, Ohio. She holds a master’s degree in library and information science from the University of Pittsburgh. Her practice embraces ideas around body image, body politics, and feminism including disability justice.

=== Christine Gaffney Statement ===
I consider myself an interdisciplinary sculptor. I often employ my own body as a sculptural object to express agency over my own body and to collapse the relationship between the object and the maker. There is also a performative relationship between my work and my body and yet, even when I am performing, I consider myself to be sculpting. When I am making plastic work, I often incorporate ‘evidence’ of the construction of the work and of the maker– thus the sculpture itself becomes a crucible, a kind of performance, an index of the process of its making and plastic work all in one. These differing strategies are placed into conversation with one another through dancing, not only the physical dance but through the dance communication happening in all the processes of artmaking and art reception.

My works materially function as portraits but they can often be seen as a challenge to the idea of a portrait, what I’ve called, an anti-portrait, a portrait that shows the process of making the portrait.  There is a sense of urgency and compulsion in my work– one can feel this in the way that inks are applied in haste, or painting tape is left for the viewer to see– what other artists might consider technical errors are made intentionally visible in my works. I am interested in making art that has identifiable aesthetic and formal qualities while exploring, experimenting, and largely disregarding the tradition of classical art. I often point at the aporia, a irresolvable contradiction that I am troubled by– and comment on the unitary nature of the male and institutional gaze by exploring many different forms of art making. By collapsing the relationship between subject “male” and object “non-male” that the male artists came to gaze upon, I intend to first subvert this tradition but more importantly I create by being the subject “non-male” myself to gaze. I strive to create by challenging the equation of subject and object: the subject “I” is looking at the subject “myself”. In other words, I challenge the power of gazes from three perspectives, the institutional, gendered, subject-object subversion.

I work with technology in my sculpture and drawing practice -- specifically with Artificial Intelligence. I gather data based on my body and employ AI software (GANs, latent diffusion models) to generate new “real” images of my body. These seemingly “real” images become a departure point for future transformation made with drawings and sculptures. When working with dataset collection and AI generation to create artwork, either the lack of information or the exceeding of information in data itself points to an abstraction of forms that these numbers pose. By working with these abstract data-generated forms, I control how much of myself I reveal and how I reveal it. I have agency over my image as I attempt to control what the viewer sees. My work is very intuitive; by creating my own datasets, I am generating AI in line with that intuition. I am especially interested in the phantom presence of the human (pre-technological enhancement) in my work. This is apparent in the AI-informed work as well as in the other works, such as the sculptures I created using “labor-saving” household robotic appliances. I have exhibited work incorporating Roomba vacuum cleaners as a wearable dress, window cleaners that climb the gallery walls, and Dust Busters with contact microphones in them. This urge to go against gender expectations surrounding domesticity burns against the shadows cast by domination, control, and fear.

=== Abiona Venee Bio ===
I have been working with glass in Dayton Ohio since 2007. I was introduced to glass art in a lampwork bead making class. I went on to complete an apprenticeship in a hot shop and then another in a production lampworking studio. Combining the skills and techniques I've learned I have built my own hot shop glass studio space to create in; AV Glass.

=== Abiona Venee Statement ===
AV Glass located at Front Street Artist Studios basement suite 0270

=== Kate Santucci Bio ===
Kate Huser Santucci lives and works in Dayton, Ohio. She graduated from Wright State University in 1994 with a BFA in visual art with a concentration in sculpture. In 2019 she completed a residency in encaustic painting with artist Patricia Seggebruch, and was a 2020 recipient of a Culture Works Artist Opportunity Grant. She was recently awarded a residency in France to take place in the autumn of 2025.
Kate has an upcoming show at Wheat Penny Oven and Bar in Dayton in May of 2024. Her work has most recently been shown at Studios on High in Columbus, Dayton Society of Artists, and the Roger Glass Center for the Arts in Dayton, Ohio. Public work includes a mural in downtown Dayton on E. 3rd St., and a series of 3 pieces for the Southeast Branch of the Dayton Metro Library. Her works are part of private collections in Ohio, Kentucky, Michigan, New York, and California.

=== Kate Santucci Statement ===
I am drawn as an artist to the examination of how human beings are interconnected with our environment, and how we move through it and communicate with one another.
Much of my recent work examines these ideas through the lens of natural science and human interaction. I use encaustic painting techniques to explore themes such as communication, time, and our perception of change, both in the short and long term. I use images of microbes, plants, and human forms to tell the story of the way we are evolving. Asemic writing and mark making has become an important element in my paintings, as I further develop my thoughts on how we interpret meaning and context in our struggle to understand one another and our world. My work involves multiple layers and textures, inviting the viewer to look deeper into the piece and glimpse imagery floating beneath the surface of the wax.

=== Robert Farley Bio ===
Over the course of my adult life, I have lived in Ohio, New York, Indiana and Florida. I have also travelled from coast to coast with my camera in tow the whole time. What started as a hobby and personal passion has turned into something more. I now display my work at The ARTery at Front Street. I display at multiple shows across the state of Ohio. And, I have recently won 2nd Place for Booth at the Duveneck Art Show, First Place for Amateur Photography at The Tipp City Art Exhibit, and Second Place at The Piqua Art Exhibition.

=== Robert Farley Statement ===
I have been producing fine art landscape, nature, travel, and urban photography for over a decade. I have lived and travelled from coast to coast in the US and have had the opportunity to photograph so many spectacular locales along the way. I get as much joy talking about my travels as I do selling the photographs taken.

=== Terry Welker Bio ===
Terry Welker, FAIA, is an architect/sculptor living in Kettering, Ohio. He began his formal education in fine art but later moved toward architecture. Completing his graduate degree at the University of Cincinnati in 1987, he continued teaching design at UC and worked for several architectural firms in Dayton. In 1994 he opened his own firm and created the Archetype Gallery exhibiting Ohio artists. In 2000, while launching the Welker Studio, Terry began 22 years of public service as the City Architect/Chief Building Official for the City of Kettering. In 2016 he was elevated to the AIA College of Fellows and received the AIA Ohio Gold Medal in 2023. Terry creates permanent and temporary public art/commissioned works as a sculptor in the Welker Studio; Visiting Assistant Professor of Architecture & Interior Design at Miami University, Oxford, OH.

=== Terry Welker Statement ===
Inspiration:
I'm an architect/sculptor creating lightweight kinetic and suspended sculpture. This comes from my passion for architecture, poetic space and meaningful places. I work to understand and extend visual languages by animating form, space and surface with motion. My goal is to find shared identification of memorable forms, associations, multiple meanings and the simple enjoyment moving forms in space. My primary inspiration comes from natural forces and forms by drawing on my memory of motions, shapes and colors in order to relate to nature without direct imitation. This allows me to create abstractions without the constraint of literal interpretation. I also see the process of creation as an intentional act of 'making' that comes from experimentation, trial and error, letting form come from the nature of materials, tools and human hands. Size, scale and context are deceptively difficult but serious considerations that guide my decisions for any placemaking installation. I prefer to create or rely on existing natural daylight and ambient room light to enhance forms and let them have a “conversation with the sky.” Kinetic and suspended sculpture brings a unique set of composition challenges. The character of 'lightweightness' reveals the inherent challenge of gravity, delicate balance and air movements. Through trial and error, I push the structural limits of materials as lines, arcs, curves and complex forms. Using predictable and unpredictable forces I find that 'near misses' provide a simple but elegant strength while 'soft collisions' enable more complexity or even chaos. The accidental nature of these movements allows people to move beyond simple viewing and become unconsciously, viscerally engaged in the enjoyable act of "watching" and "staring."

In Studio:
I create works in series beginning with small maquettes and random experiments. This allows me to fully explore an idea and push the limits of materials with numerous variations. Many of my larger works evolve from series as commissioned pieces with a particular size and scale created for a specific place and setting. My most commonly used materials are stainless steel rods and custom colored anodized aluminum or coated aluminum because of its anti-corrosive and vivid color retention qualities. I also like experimenting with new alloys, coatings, unusual materials, old materials, and found objects, sometimes combining them to find new forms. The nature of these materials often requires 'cold connection' techniques such a riveting or bolting in lieu of heat welding. Some sculptures also incorporate high quality glass crystals (Swarovski) or cast acrylic prisms.
As a Professor of Architecture, it is common for me to begin with research and listening; sharing ideas about my work, and/or engage students and the public during the creation of new works, in order to gain a fuller understanding of local cultural values. My objective is to enhance the meaningfulness of new works through shared experiences and learning.

Example project story in detail - Fractal Rain:
https://www.codaworx.com/projects/fractal-rain-dayton-metro-library/

